History

Famously originating in 1965 from a physics exam question centering on the velocity on impact of a dropped object
What is the Watermelon drop?

One of the oldest and largest centers for ocean and Earth science research, public service, undergraduate and graduate training in the world
What is the Scripps Institution of Oceanography?

Created in 1999, it is a charter school located on UCSD
What is the Preuss School?

Hall’s interior desigm contains triangular wood and plaster surfaces that fold around the room in order to diffuse sound throughout the space
What is the Conrad Prebys Music Center?

Unoversity celebrated the opening of this building on 18 May 2008?
What is Price Center East?

Student Life

Save 10% on every purchase at all UC San Diego Housing and Dining Services locations
What is Triton Cash?

March 2nd is the deadline for this program.
What is FAFSA?

Rich opportunities for learning, community building, and engagement outside the classroom
What is the Center for Student Involvement?

This contains a 44,000-square-foot floor space.
What is RIMAC?

The only multi-arts presenting program on campus, ArtPower brings nationally and internationally recognized performing artists to campus.
What is ArtPower?

Campus Services

Peterson Hall(both ways), Warren Apartements(both ways), and TPCS(counterclockwise)
What are the Campus Loop Shuttles?

Free tutoring on campus
What is OASIS?

UC San Diego's database of off-campus jobs, internships, volunteer opportunities, and on-campus jobs (including work-study).
What is Port Trition?

Provides medical care, including urgent care and support services such as laboratory, pharmacy, and x-ray. 
What is Student Health Services?

Offers workshops on violence prevention for the entire UCSD campus and provides free and confidential services for students, staff, and faculty impacted by violence, with a focus on survivors of sexual assault, relationship violence, and stalking.
What is Center for Advocacy, Resources, and Education (CARE)?

Colleges

Founded in 1988 as Fifth College
What is the Eleanor Roosevelt College?

Shortest Writing Sequence
What is Earl Warren College?

College opened at the height of the American environmentalist movement triggered by Rachel Carson's book Silent Spring
What is John Muir College?

Hosts the Chocolate Festival
What is Sixth College?

Created more academic departments and programs than any other college at UCSD, including Third World Studies, Ethnic Studies, Education Studies, African American Studies Minor, and Urban Studies and Planning
What is Thurgood Marshall College?

People 

Pradeep Khosla
Who is the Chancellor of UC San Diego?

Bianca Ibarra, Viera Kair, and Ivonne Avila
Who are the Computer Science advisors?

Creator of the GoPro
Nicholas D. Woodman 

Author of A Thousand Splendid Suns
Who is Khaled Hosseini?

Played Elizabeth Cutler on Star Trek: Enterprise
Who is Kellie Waymire?

Academics

Major with the most number of students at UCSD
What is Biology?

Graduate-level business school
What is the Rady School of Management

List Courses Required and Completed needed for graduation
What is the degree audit?

Drop without a W grade
What is the Week 4 Deadline?

Design and Analysis of Algorithms
What is CSE 101?
